Terms and Conditions for PIE Properties LLC
Last Updated: 31.1.2024

1. Introduction
Welcome to PIE Properties LLC. By using our website at www.pie.properties, you're agreeing to our Terms and Conditions. These are in place to make sure our website works well for everyone and complies with necessary laws. We appreciate your understanding in following these terms and any local laws that apply.
Top of Form

2. Intellectual Property Rights
Other than the content you own, under these Terms, PIE Properties LLC and/or its licensors own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website. You are granted limited license only for purposes of viewing the material contained on this Website.

3. Restrictions
You are specifically restricted from all of the following:
	•	Publishing any website material in any other media.
	•	Selling, sublicensing, and/or otherwise commercializing any website material.
	•	Publicly performing and/or showing any website material.
	•	Using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website.
	•	Using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website.
	•	Using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity.
	•	Engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting, or any other similar activity in relation to this Website.

4. Your Content
In these Terms and Conditions, "Your Content" shall mean any audio, video, text, images, or other material you choose to display on this Website. By displaying Your Content, you grant PIE Properties LLC a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate, and distribute it in any and all media.
Your Content must be your own and must not be invading any third-party's rights. PIE Properties LLC reserves the right to remove any of Your Content from this Website at any time without notice.

5. No Warranties
This Website is provided "as is," with all faults, and PIE Properties LLC expresses no representations or warranties, of any kind related to this Website or the materials contained on this Website.

6. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall PIE Properties LLC, nor any of its officers, directors, and employees, be held liable for anything arising out of or in any way connected with your use of this Website whether such liability is under contract. PIE Properties LLC, including its officers, directors, and employees, shall not be held liable for any indirect, consequential, or special liability arising out of or in any way related to your use of this Website.

7. Indemnification
You hereby indemnify to the fullest extent PIE Properties LLC from and against any and/or all liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages, and expenses arising in any way related to your breach of any of the provisions of these Terms.

8. Severability
If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein.

9. Variation of Terms
PIE Properties LLC is permitted to revise these Terms at any time as it sees fit, and by using this Website, you are expected to review these Terms on a regular basis.

10. Assignment
PIE Properties LLC is allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

11. Entire Agreement
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between PIE Properties LLC and you in relation to your use of this Website, and supersede all prior agreements and understandings.

12. Governing Law & Jurisdiction
These Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Egypt, and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in Egypt for the resolution of any disputes.

13. Contact Information
If you have any inquiries or questions about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us at:
	•	Full name of legal entity: PIE Properties LLC
	•	Email address: info@pie.properties
	•	Postal address: Regus Business Center, Arkan Plaza, Building 4, Floor 4, Sheikh Zayed – Giza 12588, Egypt
	•	Telephone number: +20 100 000 5156
